Hey, Rein.
[REIN]
Mm?
We're letting you go.
Huh?
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
Beast tamer.
It's a class that's
able to form contracts
with a variety of animals.
Bonds that enable us
to use their strengths
to our advantage.
[HAWK shrieks]
[REIN] We aren't really
well-suited for combat.
[AGGATH yells]
[ARIOS yells]
[MONSTER groans]
[REIN] But I made the best
of my abilities to support
my comrades during
our perilous travels,
and because of that,
my hero's party had
great faith in me.
[REIN]
Or, so I thought.
[ARIOS sighs]
Say what?
Hang on a sec.
This comes as a bit
of a surprise, honestly.
Uh. Wait, you guys are
messin' with me, right?
We're not "messin'" with you.
Arios. Ah?
Aggath?
Leane?
[sighs]
[REIN]
Mina?
[MINA grunts]
Are you serious?
Why? I deserve to know!
[scoffs] Really?
Isn't it obvious, even to you?
It's because you're
a feeble, useless loser.
[gasps]
[LEANE] And you bring absolutely
nothing to this group!
You get it? You don't do
anything but hold us back!
Just having you in the party
is more trouble than it's worth!
Is that true?
[ARIOS] I can't believe
you haven't noticed.
You never do any
damage to our enemies,
and we're constantly having to
lay our lives on
the line to rescue you.
The only thing you provide is
scouting and loot transport,
by using animals you've tamed.
Doesn't that sound
pretty worthless to you?
Sounds worthless to me.
[REIN]
What? Why would they say that?
[AGGATH] We've got a Demon King
to kill for cryin' out loud!
We don't have time
for babysitting!
[ARIOS] Oh, quit being dramatic.
As worthless as he is,
I thought, maybe the
poor wretch could shine
by sharing the same
spotlight as me.
[LEANE]
Arios! That is so sweet!
[MINA]
Indeed. The only tragedy here
is that he wasted the grace and
generosity of our glorious hero.
[REIN]
I'm... so embarrassed.
Is this what my party
thought of me the whole time?
No. This can't be--
[ARIOS]
Rein.
[sighs]
Don't do something that makes us
lose even more respect for you.
[ARIOS] And make sure to
leave your gear at the door.
We're the ones who
gathered it all, anyway.
[AGGATH]
You know,
this means we can finally
take on the Lost Woods.
Understood.
[LEANE] This town is big,
but it shouldn't take him
this long to round
up some supplies.
We've been here for,
what, several days? Come on!
[MINA] It was a mistake to
have any expectations of him.
Let us consider
this a brief respite.
[ARIOS]
Great idea!
When you put it that way, maybe
our sweet little beast tamer...
[REIN]
In that moment,
it felt like any connection
we had as a party
had come to a permanent end.
[BOY 1A, GIRL 1A laugh]
[REIN]
Hmm.
[REIN panting]
[AGGATH]
You have the strength of a frail
and defenseless child.
[MINA] It appears that you're
still lacking both the bearing
and skill required of
someone in the hero's party.
[LEANE] You ever gonna
be good for anything
besides running errands for us?
You're just so worthless.
No need to be harsh.
Rein is trying his
absolute best, is he not?
Well, for a beast tamer,
at the very least.
[REIN]
I thought they were hard on me
because they were
pushing me to grow.
That they had high hopes for
what I could one day accomplish.
However...
...it's possible that they never
cared about me to begin with.
Ahh... Man.
What am I supposed to do now?
No gear, goal, or money.
I have to start all over with
next to nothing to my name.
--[GIRL 1A] It's Rein!
--[BOY 1A, BOY 1B] Rein!
Huh?
You finish your job
with the hero's party?
[REIN]
Uh, actually...
Do the thing again,
come on! Show us!
Pretty please! We wanna see!
[BOY 1A]
Come on, come on, come on!
Sure!
For today's show...
[HAWK screeches]
There.
[REIN]
It's just a temporary contract.
Go on, say hello!
[screeches]
--[GIRL 1A] Oh, wow, amazing!
--[BOY 1B] That's so cool!
Thank you, friend. Well done!
[screeches]
[GIRL 1A]
Bye-bye!
[BOY 1A]
See you around!
Ah. Where's it going?
Well, like I told you,
the contract was only
a temporary one.
The bond's easy to form,
which means, you can't expect it
to last very long.
--[BOY 1A] A contract?
--[GIRL 1A] What's a bond?
[chuckles] Maybe that lesson
was a little advanced.
[BOY 1A]
You really are awesome, Rein!
When I grow up, I wanna
be a beast tamer, too!
--[BOY 1B] Me, too!
--[GIRL 1A] And me!
Wait, weren't you
the one telling me
you wanted to be
a hero some day?
Well, the hero and
his party always seem
super annoyed when
commoners like us
try to have anything
to do with 'em.
Even though they suck up
to rich people and nobles.
They're kinda mean, aren't they?
And scary.
I didn't realize people
felt that way. Who knew?
That explains a lot
of sideways looks I got
when I bought supplies
for Arios and the party.
But you've never
been like that, Rein!
Mh-hm. Yeah,
you always play with us!
You're nice!
[REIN chuckles]
[REIN] It's gonna be even harder
to tell 'em I just got fired.
[BOY 1A]
I'm gonna be an adventurer
and travel all over the world!
And make a ton'a
money overnight!
A big fortune!
Adventurer?
[CHILDREN laughing]
[REIN] Like a migratory bird,
free to fly wherever I please.
An adventurer.
Wonder if I could make a living
off my skills as a beast tamer.
Now that I don't
have to worry about
defeating the Demon King,
this might be the
perfect job for me!
[CHILDREN]
Uh?
[REIN]
All right!
[NATALIE] Welcome to
the Adventurer's Guild!
My name's Natalie and
I'm the receptionist!
For starters let's
go over the basics
of the adventurer's trial.
Uh, before that,
can you tell me a bit more
about being an adventurer?
I hate to admit,
I actually know very
little about this stuff.
[REIN] Arios and the others
looked down on adventurers,
so we didn't interact
with them all that much.
[NATALIE chuckles]
Well, aren't you earnest?
Most applicants don't really put
this level of thought into it.
Personally, I think
you're on the right track!
Yeah? You really do?
[NATALIE]
I really do!
Now then, we'll start
from the beginning today.
Adventurers, like monsters,
are assigned ranks.
S being top tier, down to F.
[inaudible]
[NATALIE]
That's everything!
[REIN grunts]
[NATALIE] Was there anything
else you'd like to ask aboutt?
Nope. Thank you, though.
I should be good.
[NATALIE chuckles]
If that's the case,
let's move onto your
adventurer's trial!
First I need to know your class.
Well, I'm a beast tamer.
[NATALIE gasps]
Beast tamer?
Um, are you sure you'll
be all right by yourself?
[REIN gasps]
It's because you're
a feeble, useless loser.
Just don't go out there and
do anything reckless.
An adventurer needs
to know when a job
is too much for them to handle.
Yes. Of course.
[NATALIE] Do you understand
why the guild requires a trial
in order to be registered
as an adventurer?
If I had to guess, having a
bunch of unqualified adventurers
would undermine public
trust in the guild.
Is that right?
That's right! Nicely
done, beast tamer!
Because if we lose that trust
the government gets involved.
[REIN chuckles]
[NATALIE] But aside from
that, to complete the trial,
you need to slay ten goblins
and collect 20 medicinal herbs.
[GOBLINS grunting]
[NATALIE]
As an adventurer,
you'll be expected
to take on a variety
of hunting and collecting jobs.
This trial is the
bare minimum required
to prove yourself and
your abilities to the guild.
[REIN grunts]
[GOBLIN 1B shrieks]
[GOBLIN 1B groans]
[REIN panting]
And that's ten. Hm?
My little friend,
thanks for helping
me find the goblins.
I suppose that even a
lowly beast tamer like me
can lay waste to a tiny
group of F-ranked monsters.
I've got the
goblins' rune stones,
all I have to do now
is gather the herbs
--and head back to the guild.
--[KANADE shouts]
Screaming? From the forest!
[REIN grunts]
[gasps] A Killer Tiger?
Huh? Oh, no!
[REIN] The Killer Tiger
is a D-Ranked monster.
Even a veteran adventurer
could be mauled to death
by one of these if
they're not careful!
[snarls]
[REIN grunts]
[TIGER snarls]
[REIN gasps]
[REIN yells]
[REIN groaning]
[REIN] Great. Of course
I don't stand a chance.
But... maybe she does.
Can you move? Hey! Miss!
Run while you still can!
[KANADE grunts]
[gasps]
[REIN]
I have no monsters to tame
and no weapons to use.
But at the very least,
I can buy her enough time
to get somewhere safe!
[KANADE growls]
[REIN gasps]
What?
Why the heck are you still here?
I gotta give
everything in me-ow--
the last of my strength.
[gasps]
[KANADE yells]
[REIN coughs]
[REIN] Whoa. She took down
a Killer Tiger in one blow!
And, uh, you are?
[REIN] There are beings
of inexplicable power
that exist in this world,
known as ultimate species.
Dragonoids, fairies, demigods.
They can all be included
in this category.
But cat spirits? They're
some of the rarest around.
[grunts]
Can it be true?
[gasps]
And I am done.
Goodbye.
[REIN]
Hey!
[REIN grunts]
[REIN]
Miss! You all right?
Are you hurt?
Please, say something!
[KANADE grunts]
So...
So?
[KANADE gasps]
...hungry.
Gimmeow food!
Wha...?
[stomach rumbles]
[REIN grunts]
[KANADE]
Mm!
[REIN]
Is she the real deal?
Despite being
an ultimate species,
they're said to be on
the verge of extinction.
They can't use magic,
but they've evolved
to have incredible
athletic ability,
which ranks them amongst
the most powerful beings.
Hmm. And she's one of them?
[KANADE] Mm! Thanks so
much for saving my life!
I really did think
I was gonna die back there!
I'm just glad I had some
traveling rations on me.
Are you sure you're
not exaggerating?
[KANADE]
I'm not, not one bit!
I've gone days
without food or drink.
I saw my grandparents
waving at me from heaven,
trying to lure me
to the other side.
[REIN] What? She must've been
in worse shape than I thought.
[KANADE] That would've been
one step closer to extinction,
for sure.
[REIN]
Very, very bad shape!
[KANADE] Oh. I never
introduced myself, did I?
My name's Kanade! And as you
can see, I'm a cat spirit.
Pleasure to meowet you!
[REIN]
I'm Rein Shroud.
Pleasure's mine.
I was on my adventurer's
trial when I heard you, miss.
[KANADE grunts]
Huh? What'd I do?
Please don't say "miss."
I'd rather you call me "Kanade."
[KANADE chuckles]
[REIN chuckles]
Well, only if you call me Rein.
[KANADE chuckles]
Can do!
You're so nice.
I'm happy it was you who found
me and not someone else!
What were you even doing
in the middle of the woods
in the first place, Kanade?
Huh?
I mean, you have to admit,
it's kind of unusual for
an endangered cat spirit
to end up in some
unremarkable forest.
Huh... You know, just
kinda prowling around!
There aren't many of us left.
For the most part,
we live a quiet life,
hidden deep in the meowtains.
But to me, living that way
wasn't actually living.
So I decided to embark
on my own adventure,
and that's when you saved me!
[KANADE chuckles] I dunno, kinda
feels like it was fate, somehow.
[REIN chuckles]
[KANADE]
All right, now it's your turn
to tell me about yourself!
[KANADE chuckles]
[KANADE]
Ohh...
So after that, you were in the
hero's party, isn't that right?
Yeah, only for six months or so.
[REIN]
This is strange.
The thought of being
let go was so depressing,
I hadn't told anyone about it.
But... I'm telling
Kanade everything.
[REIN] And that's how
it went down. Huh?
[KANADE grunts]
What's up?
[KANADE]
That hero should be ashamed!
I can't believe he
kicked you out like that!
Huh?
[KANADE grunts]
And you're such a nice person.
How could he?
Are you actually
mad on my behalf?
Yes, of course I am!
It's because, well, you're--
I mean...
[REIN chuckles]
That's really sweet of you.
But it's all right now.
They weren't wrong about me
hindering their progress.
I don't think anything good
would have come from me
staying in that
party much longer.
I see.
Mm. If you're not mad about it,
I guess I shouldn't be either.
Though I do feel
kinda frustrated.
[REIN chuckles]
Yeah, me, too.
Thank you, though.
[KANADE]
Mm-hm?
[REIN]
Oh, no! That was a reflex.
Meow!
Mm!
[REIN]
What a relief.
She doesn't seem to mind at all.
[KANADE yelps]
There's something
terribly important
that I need to make clear.
You are not, nor have
you ever been useless!
If anything, you're
incredibly strong!
You do know you're talking
to a beast tamer, right?
[KANADE]
Not just any beast tamer,
but a very talented
one, at that!
If you really wanted to,
I am certain you
could tame meow.
Huh?
Huh... How can I
make you understand?
From the second I saw you,
I got this buzzing feeling,
like I was charged
with electricity!
I had a revelation
in that moment.
You would be able to tame meow.
There are only a handful of
people in the whole world
that can tame cat spirits,
and I believe that you
might be one of them!
Which means, you're really
special and amazing!
[REIN]
Huh? Me? Taming a cat spirit?
It's not something I ever
considered before.
[KANADE]
Come on, Rein!
I think you should
try to tame meow!
[gasps]
[REIN] If I could tame
an ultimate species,
it would be an
unimaginably big boon.
[REIN] Nothing so terrible
would ever happen again.
Not with her by my side.
[gasps]
[KANADE] I dunno, kinda feels
like it was fate, somehow!
[REIN]
Huh. Wait a minute.
It's not because she's
an ultimate species.
The truth is...
...I just wanna get
to know Kanade better.
All right, let's give it a shot.
[gasps] Mm-hm!
[KANADE grunts]
My name is Rein Shroud.
[REIN] In establishing
this new contract,
a bond is formed between us.
An oath in our hearts
and hopes in our souls.
Your power, in my hand.
Speak now, say your name.
[REIN]
If she utters her name,
the contract
will be established.
If she doesn't, it will fail.
Kanade.
[REIN grunts]
So, d-did that work?
Yep. The contract
is sealed. See?
Check out the palm of your hand.
[KANADE gasps] There's some
kind of mysterious pattern!
That symbol is the
physical representation
of what links us together.
You and I are officially
contracted now.
Really?
I guess that means that you
and I are bound together
for a while then, huh?
It's fantastic!
Bound?
Is that wrong?
[REIN]
No, you're right.
It does symbolize
our bond, Kanade!
[KANADE chuckles]
Pleased to travel
with you, Rein!
And the feeling is mutual!
[KANADE chuckles]
[REIN grunts]
What? Hang on! Hey!
[REIN] There are ultimate
species around the world,
gifted with inexplicable power.
I was just a beast tamer,
kicked out of a hero's party,
with no goal or comrades
to call my own.
And now, one of those ultimate
species, is working with me.
[KANADE chuckles]
[REIN]
Hmm.
Rein. I thought we
were going back to town.
We will soon,
but I need to finish
my adventurer's
trial before we do.
If I'm not mistaken,
they should be around
here somewhere.
Ah, there we go.
Rabbits?
Yep. I'll use a
temporary contract.
[KANADE squeals]
[KANADE grunts]
He's hopping away.
But if he just leaves,
how can he help you?
Watch, he'll bring
his friends over here.
His friends?
Ahh... I'm in fluffy heaven!
Next, I form a temporary
contract with all of them.
Huh?
[KANADE gasps]
All right, listen up.
I need you to keep your eyes
peeled for medicinal herbs
and then bring them back to me.
But be careful not to mistake
them for food and eat them!
[RABBITS squeak]
[REIN]
Right, off you go!
I think that oughta do it.
Wha--?
Meow, meow, meow.
[REIN]
Wait, what's wrong?
What's going on?
You're taming that many at once?
And giving them
complex commands?
Is that really so rare
for a beast tamer?
You fricken bet it is!
Even with temporary contracts,
most beast tamers can only
handle one creature at a time!
Not to mention you've tamed me!
Hello! You should've hit
your limit with that alone!
Look, I know I said you
were extremely talented
and I felt electricity
and all that,
but this is supposed
to be impossible!
[REIN] Uh... You know
a lot about this stuff.
[KANADE]
How is this happening?
I've never heard of a Beast
Tamer getting so many at once!
[REIN]
I'm not sure what to tell you.
Back at home, everybody's
capable of this sorta thing.
In fact, it's pretty normal
for a beast tamer, right?
[gasps] It's not
even remotely normal!
If you ask meow,
it's utterly impossible!
Me-ow!
[KANADE]
Next time: "Comrades."